PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/PdfCell/padding/padding.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Generates space around the text of the cell inside the DataGrid. Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Specifies the padding around the text of the DataGrid cell.

Transfer the second sentence to the fullDescription.

> Generates space around the text of the cell inside the DataGrid. Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor for the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Generates space around the text of the cell inside the DataGrid. Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

> Generates space around the text of the cell inside the DataGrid. Uses the measure units, which are specified in the constructor for the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer: Uses the measure units which are specified in the constructor **of** the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the padding around the text of the DataGrid cell.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the top, bottom, left, and right paddings of the DataGrid cell.
```
